I chose to study computer science in conjoint with finance as the concept of technology interacting with the economy, money management, and enhancing the layman's experience of finance with technology is something that I am passionate about. Since taking up studies and coding for my own projects, I have become immersed in all of the great technologies around us; it excites me to connect them together with my own ideas to realise novel creations. I decided to study computer science because I enjoy problem-solving with creative solutions, and this field leads me to a career where I can use this skill set resulting in real-world impact.

Outside of my regular studies, I am currently learning various web technologies and becoming familiar with cloud infrastructure (Google Cloud Platform) and contemporary web techniques. The vehicle for this has been the continuous development of a website which serves as a type of DSS for players of a mobile game. The website includes tools which help inform players with integration into self-written backend APIs to enable users access to data stored on remote databases. This project has seen many iterations over the last 2 years of development and has given me a wealth of hands-on experiences such as extraction and cleaning of data, the real application of cloud services, and iterative development. The project continues to provide value as I respond to user feedback while I service thousands of users per month.

I am self-motivated to seek information which I discover is missing from my current skill set. I keep updated with current technologies through personal projects. When posed with challenges similar to those experienced in the past, I give myself the opportunity to create a better solution rather than immediately reusing a past solution. I am able to weigh up the costs and benefits of a particular approach or technology prior to taking action. In a team environment, I am able to provide a unique viewpoint and offer constructive questions that encourage others in the team to think critically of their own ideas.